[THEME MUSIC]
>>And I think many
people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, we're back.
Welcome to "Beyond Belief."
This is part two of our
edition with Chase Kloetzke
as we talk about ufology.
She's also an author.
You've had fun writing,
Chase, haven't you--
little kid books on UFOs
and things like that?
>>CHASE KLOETZKE: Yes.
Yes.
And of course,
"Admissible" was difficult.
I'm actually not a writer
and I didn't enjoy it
as much as I thought I would.
So thank goodness for my
publisher and co-author,
Richard Dolan.
>>NOORY: Is it almost
like UFOs for dummies?
>>KLOETZKE: No.
It's more about
investigation and how
to get out there and really
do a professional job
and what's required as an
investigator, what constitutes
physical evidence, what is
admissibility, right down to,
how should we dress?
Should we all be in the black
t-shirts posing like this
with UFOs on our shirts?
But if we want--
>>NOORY: Pointing.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
Exactly.
If we want to be
professional investigators
and be taken seriously
by mainstream
media and scientific
community and the public eye,
we have to present that image.
>>NOORY: It's almost like
ghost hunting, isn't it?
>>KLOETZKE: It's--
>>NOORY: Or is it
more scientific?
>>KLOETZKE: George, it's--
>>NOORY: Hey, ghosts are real.
>>KLOETZKE: I agree.
And I do do paranormal
investigations at times,
if I'm called and needed.
But again, I think ufology
has been here longer.
We have over 60 years in the
field as the modern boots
on the ground, especially
after Project Blue Book
closed in '69.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>KLOETZKE: It seemed like
that was a big push when
people like me that just
joined the ranks to say,
you know what?
I'm going to look for myself.
And so I think we have
a lot more embedded
and information on how
we get things done.
We have government documents,
more physical evidence
than, say, a paranormal
team would have.
There's no government documents
on that ghost activity
versus a military event such
as Rendlesham or Captain Salas'
case.
>>NOORY: What do you
think the alien agenda is?
>>KLOETZKE: We go
back and forth.
Because there's information
on all sides and we
have to weigh everybody.
If they're a credible witness
and they're coming to you with,
they're all good or they're all
bad and this is reproductive
and they're stealing our
babies and creating hybrids,
I think it's premature to
jump in a box too quickly.
And when you put it all
together, what again-- why
couldn't it be a bunch
of different agendas?
I kind of look at it
as if, say, you and I
discover intelligent
life on another planet
and we come back.
And who would want to be on
that spaceship for the next time
we go out?
Who would want to be with us?
Virologists, biologists,
sociologists, scientists
>>NOORY: All kinds of people.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
And each one of them
with their own agenda,
which is the most important--
>>NOORY: --to them.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes, and the
study of this new species
we've found, much like we
do in the Chongos today
when we find a new bug.
So I wonder if
there just happens
to be that same
scenario, that if they're
an advanced culture that has
all this intelligent technology,
there would be many
agendas and many reasons
to come at us the way they do.
However, there's no
evidence one way or another.
So we're still working.
>>NOORY: Physical planets,
extraterrestrial dimensions,
where are they coming from?
>>KLOETZKE: I have a
hard time believing
all of this is with, as I call
a full tank of gas and a Red
Bull, or we'd have thousands
of amateur astronomers watching
them come into our
atmosphere constantly.
So they must be using--
>>NOORY: Unless they
dematerialize and materialize.
>>KLOETZKE: Sure.
Absolutely--
>>NOORY: It's possible.
>>KLOETZKE: --which
is most likely.
However, we also
have accounts where
they're coming through walls.
Beings are appearing,
objects on the ground.
>>NOORY: Ooooo-oooo.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
And all that tells, us
when you're constantly
hearing decades and
decades of, again,
the most credible witnesses
giving you accounts of things
that are just unbelievable--
in the '40s and '50s
when we talked about
dimensions and time travel,
of course we saw where
that led, into kind
of the cartoony
sci-fi effected take.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>KLOETZKE: And
yet, it's possible.
We're so close
now that I believe
the answers to the
extraterrestrial hypothesis
will be the quantum
physics or the people that
had the contact themselves.
We learn so much from
the people that claim
to have abductions or contact.
What were you told?
What happened?
So these are all important
clues to put together a puzzle.
>>NOORY: Well, there's no
question something's going on.
Even if 99% of the cases were
natural or created by man,
that's 1% that is
unusual, extraterrestrial.
I've got this long
running argument
with Linda Moulton Howe, our
investigative reporter who's
an expert on crop formations.
And she says, well, 20% to 25%
of them are real, unexplained.
And I said, that's pretty high.
But she gets all upset.
But I said, Linda,
all you need is one.
>>KLOETZKE: Right.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Just one.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: And that's the same
in the field of ufology--
just one.
>>KLOETZKE: Well, and
if you think in-- just
MUFON alone gets about, on an
average, 900 reports a month.
>>NOORY: Mutual
UFO Network, right?
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
1% to 5%, which I think it's
more around 5% of these are--
>>NOORY: Davenport
gets more, I think.
>>KLOETZKE: Probably.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
Yeah.
Peter has done a great job
with that database out there.
MUFON investigates.
So this is a big push right
now, is to get people actually
out there.
But the data is important.
We need to start
taking this information
and putting it together and
do some scientific studies.
>>NOORY: No doubt about that.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
There's so much.
>>NOORY: Tell me about
your trip to Peru.
What were you looking for?
>>KLOETZKE: The trip to
Peru, sometimes things
fall in your lap and you wonder
why, and this was one of them.
And LA Marzulli and
Richard Shaw of Watchers--
>>NOORY: Good people.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
I love them.
I love the work that he's
doing on the Torah codes.
But when we went down, it
was a different expedition.
We were going down
to Peru and Bolivia
to study the elongated skulls
that we've been hearing
so much about-- the giants.
And of course, the giants
being a hybrid race
of fallen angels and humans.
And there's a theory that think
that these elongated skulls
have something to do with that,
whether they're born that way,
it's genetic, or probably
physical evidence
of this hybrid race or
the emulation of-- LA
says often, what makes a very
intelligent sophisticated race
wake up on a Monday
and say, you know what?
Let's elongate our heads?
Wanna?
How can we do that?
They're emulating--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Let's stretch the baby.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: I don't think so.
>>KLOETZKE: Peru is fascinating.
It is such a different culture.
In many ways, it's
still third world.
And we had such a great time
because we stayed off the grid.
So although we started in the
specific pyramids in Lima,
which there are over 1,000
pyramids just in Lima, Peru
alone.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
It's an incredible
place of antiquity
that still, a lot of
it's undiscovered.
But we also found
ourselves off the track.
And there was one part where we
were going down to the Chongos.
And it's a necropolis the
whole desert area is just
covered in human remains.
It's the crazy--
>>NOORY: You mean
bones everywhere?
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>KLOETZKE: Antique--
>>NOORY: Sacrifices?
>>KLOETZKE: No.
I think it's just
a burial place.
>>NOORY: They just
threw 'em in there, huh?
>>KLOETZKE: A
burial place where I
think huaqueros they call
them, or grave robbers, go in.
And they're looking
for anything--
>>NOORY: Digging it
up and everything?
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
And the bones just
get scattered.
>>NOORY: Because they buried
them with jewelry and things
like that, didn't they?
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>KLOETZKE: Actually, a very
beautiful type of burial.
Most of them in the Inca
and the Paracas culture
are buried in a seated
position with their knees up.
So you find a lot of
mummies still like this.
Their knees are
under their chin.
They're in just a little shirt.
It's a very revered process.
And at this time,
we were going down
because the whole goal was to
really scientifically study
the elongated skulls of
Paracas for the first time.
And that's what we had done.
But on the way-- there's
a really great story.
We're going to Chongos.
And we met--
>>NOORY: Chongos sounds
like a Mexican restaurant.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
Absolutely.
And it's down by Pisco
and it's south of Paracas.
And we met with the mayor and
he gave us a police escort.
So we have armed guards--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Yeah.
>>KLOETZKE: --taking
us to this place.
And we get out and you have
all this lush farmland.
And then literally,
bam, just like--
>>NOORY: There it is.
Yeah.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah-- we
would see a highway here,
they'd have this
humongous desert area.
So we're walking out there
and here's this step pyramid,
100% not on the grid.
It hasn't been documented yet.
And we walk on top
of the step pyramid.
And the mayor proceeds to tell
LA and I about a UFO encounter
that he knew of.
>>NOORY: That he had.
Yeah.
>>KLOETZKE: Well, that he
knew of in the village.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>KLOETZKE: And that
the people that lived by
watched this craft
come several times
and literally take the
water from the lake that
used to be there.
So it's just so
interesting when you
have a culture that's
not afraid to tell you
anything about UFOs.
There was no ridicule or
whispers or even fear of it.
>>NOORY: Very
comfortable with it.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
They know they're there.
>>NOORY: Let's go
back into antiquity.
I know LA Marzulli's done a lot
of work on the Book of Genesis
and what it meant
in his DVD series
"The Watchers," which I believe
he's got "Watchers 8" out now.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
>>NOORY: And he keeps going.
What does that tell you about
what might have happened
during those days of antiquity?
>>KLOETZKE: Honestly, the
elongated skulls really
tell a lot of the story, which
is, again, you have cultures
behaving very differently.
And they're talking about Gods.
They're talking
about those that came
from the heavens, their wings--
they were winged as angels.
And even when we were in
Bolivia and went to Puma Punku
and Tiwanaku, we had
pictures, and you're
seeing first time
the Gate of the Sun
and the gallery of
the different heads
and the megalithic
structures, it's just amazing.
And you're just awestruck.
But it becomes very clear
that certain things were
meant to tell you something.
Certain things were
very prominent.
And you see Viracocha
at one point,
who has very Caucasian
features, and even
a beard and a
moustache at one point.
And then he's featured
again on this gateway
with a bunch of little
winged beings around him.
Is that his court?
His children?
>>NOORY: What are they?
Yeah.
>>KLOETZKE: Right.
Are they just part-- but
they were very precise.
And then you go into
Tiwanaku and you
go into this little gallery.
And it shows what
appears to be heads,
all different shapes and
sizes, all different features.
Now, one of the first
things I recognized
is they're obviously
capable of exact replication
because all the little winged
beings over here are exact.
But here, it's very
purposefully very different.
So you're learning a lot about
the culture and the message
they're trying to say.
And sometimes it's-- maybe we
shouldn't be interpreting it
and take it for
exactly what it is.
So there was a lot of--
>>NOORY: That's perplexing.
>>KLOETZKE: It is.
And to see that
they were talking
about gods walking among
them, beings transversing
in and out, the watchers--
some of the shamans that we've
seen since and interview and
other things that have come out
actually use the word--
it's the Spanish word,
but it interprets as "Watchers."
They're not saying Gods.
So really, a lot of this has
to do with what's going on.
Now, when you're in the ancient,
it's so reminiscent of angels
and not so much flesh and
blood extraterrestrials.
You take these
wings and you have
the theories that
say that they didn't
know how to describe a UFO.
How did they describe that?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
How did they describe it?
As something angelic
or something like that.
>>KLOETZKE: Right.
Or maybe they left
exactly what they saw
and maybe this is true.
Because if it was
a fallen angel,
they want to be worshiped.
They want to be godlike.
So it would be very easy to
convince a culture, well, yeah,
if you're going to think I'm
a god, go ahead and worship me
and I'll take those
accolades while I continue
my cosmic or bad agenda.
>>NOORY: Something was
going on a long time ago.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
And we're finding these pyramids
through the latest technology
of military infrared
satellite imaging coming down.
And they're finding
huge complexes
underwater and in Alaska and
all these new structures.
So we're finding that
they're very similar.
We had a lot of the
comparisons before of Egypt
and the Mayan culture.
And now we're finding
them all over the world.
So what does that say?
It says we had a completely
sophisticated, intelligent--
>>NOORY: Network.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah,
already, that--
>>NOORY: It was out there.
>>KLOETZKE: --had a
technology which we believe
has more to do with energy
grids and technology.
And here we are still
running our wires
all over the Earth for energy
that's probably right there.
And we know it is because of
the Ley lines and the graphing
that we've done.
>>NOORY: Chase,
more and more people
are beginning to believe in
this alien abduction phenomena.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Something strange
is happening to these people.
We don't know exactly what.
All we know is
something's happening.
What do you think is going on?
>>KLOETZKE: I think
that there is a plan.
Again, it seems to be more--
>>NOORY: An evil plan?
>>KLOETZKE: I think
there's more evidence
to the angelic
manipulation of DNA.
If the flood really
happened because God wanted
to absolutely get rid of--
>>NOORY: And eradicate.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes-- and
bring back his creation
of what he believed was pure
human bloodline-- which is
awesome, because we have flaws.
We're different.
We have dark hair.
We're tall, short,
and all of this.
And yet--
>>NOORY: All colors, all
just about everything.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
And if you had a
bad agenda or you
were cast out of the
heavens and came down here--
we have to remember
angels are eternal.
They're powerful.
They're obviously intelligent
and different enough
that they can
transverse dimensions
or they can travel back and
forth, heavens and earth.
So it's interesting.
If we look at
angels the same way,
with the same interests
as aliens or beings
from another planet,
I think we're
going to find a whole
lot more of the story.
But when it comes
to hybridisation,
I'm really nervous
about that because--
>>NOORY: Are they
making a little army?
>>KLOETZKE: That's the theory.
That's the theory, is that we--
>>NOORY: That they're going to
come back one day with millions
and millions of these hybrids?
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
>>NOORY: And just say,
you humans are gone.
You're incapable of taking
care of this planet.
You're warmongers.
You're gone.
>>KLOETZKE: That's
the hypothesis.
>>NOORY: We're bringing
in this peaceful group
to start a new existence
on this planet.
Possible?
>>KLOETZKE: It is possible.
And it depends on who's
behind the genetic--
>>NOORY: Manipulation?
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah, or
the genetic design.
Absolutely.
And even now, even in our growth
in technology and understanding
of DNA coding and
genomes, we're perfecting.
We're perfecting.
And I'm not sure if
that's a good idea either.
I mean, I know we're flawed.
And who wouldn't want to
take out birth defects?
>>NOORY: It sounds like what
the Nazis tried to do, right?
>>KLOETZKE: Exactly, George.
And then you think about
the contact stories
we hear of the '40s and '50s
and earlier or the Nordics,
where they're all beautiful,
blonde, blue eyed.
We have heard that before.
>>NOORY: Yep.
>>KLOETZKE: I like
us kind of all
over the place and different.
>>NOORY: We're a
different kind--
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --different species.
But the agenda-- let's get back
to David Jacobs for a moment.
He believes this entire program
is for evil, very nefarious
purposes.
I tend to believe that.
>>KLOETZKE: I do, too, because
I have no evidence of anything
different.
Where is the good thing?
And it all comes down
to when we take the UFO
phenomena realistically, is
it really our government?
Do we have proof that our
government's covering it up?
Oh, yeah.
We know somebody's
covering it up.
But is anybody
asking the question
if it's our decision
to begin with?
Maybe extraterrestrials
hold that card
and we're not allowed to say.
Because when you think that they
have the technology that they
could come down-- they could
park an object in Central Park
any moment, and they don't.
And everything they
do is in the darkness.
Everything they do is at
night and behind the scenes.
>>NOORY: They seem
to be cloaking this.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: How come?
Why don't want us to
know about it directly?
>>KLOETZKE: This is probably
our biggest question and what
we're trying to discover now.
And of course,
that's going to come
through taking a realistic
look at the phenomena.
>>NOORY: I've always been
told that secret things mean
you're up to no good.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
And that includes
any kind of agenda.
But even our technology is
just going through the roof.
It's hard to keep up.
It's really hard to keep up.
And I just wonder
where we're going
or if we're being led
in that direction.
>>NOORY: Disclosure-- I
don't think it's coming.
What do you think?
>>KLOETZKE: I absolutely
agree with you.
There is no reason for
the United States--
even if other
countries come out,
there's just no benefit
for the United States
to make this known.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
We gain nothing.
>>KLOETZKE: Right.
Absolutely nothing.
Even if they come out and say--
>>NOORY: Then they
have to explain
why they've been hiding it.
>>KLOETZKE: Right.
Or imagine, really,
what would society do?
Would it really collapse?
I don't think it would.
>>NOORY: No, but I
think what we would
do is we'd question things.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
>>NOORY: We'd say,
where's our free energy?
Where's our long term health?
Why don't you do this for us?
Why aren't we doing this?
And government doesn't want
to have to explain that.
>>KLOETZKE: Or the institutions.
>>NOORY: They don't
want to explain
and say, look, we could've given
you free energy 40 years ago.
We can't because there are too
many energy companies making
money off of you.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Then what happens?
And that's why the UFO phenomena
is probably the most important,
because to understand
exactly what's going
on changes everything.
Not to slight ghost
hunting or Bigfoot,
but to find an undiscovered
species on this planet,
it'd be pretty cool.
>>NOORY: I'd love it.
>>KLOETZKE: But it
doesn't change everything.
>>NOORY: No.
>>KLOETZKE: To
find out the agenda
of what is going on-- because
we do know something is.
That's no longer a debate.
It's what is going on?
It doesn't have
to do with humans.
What is our role in this?
Which it's obvious we
have one, but maybe humans
would like a say in that.
>>NOORY: I would say
the so-called lights
in the sky, most of
them probably are just
lights in the sky.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
Our technology, secret--
>>NOORY: Planes, whatever.
>>KLOETZKE: I agree.
I think the
phenomena mostly will
have to do with
things that we've
been hearing from our witnesses
in the modernity of collecting
UFO data.
And that is they're often
plagued with paranormal type
experiences after.
They experience
high strangeness.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>KLOETZKE: There's a lot
of reasons that this--
>>NOORY: Some illnesses.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: What keeps
driving you, Chase?
Why do you keep pursuing this?
>>KLOETZKE: It's the truth.
It's the truth.
And it's OK where the
truth takes us in the end
as long as it's the truth.
>>NOORY: How do
we know the truth?
>>KLOETZKE: I think it's
going to become very apparent
and there's got
to be a time when
it's just undeniable anymore.
Some of my colleagues
like Richard Dolan and--
>>NOORY: I love Richard.
Dear friend.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
He's awesome.
And a lot of us
will get together
and we talk constantly
about what would it take?
What would prove it?
What do people need?
Is it really a vehicle on the
White House lawn or capturing
an alien or whatever it is?
And I think it's going
to be better than that.
I hope that we discover a
science in quantum physics
that proves other realities
that then we can go and explore.
But unfortunately,
most of the evidence
now points to exactly what
you and I already believe.
We keep our biases
out or our opinions
outside when we're walking
into every new investigation,
but there's every
reason to believe
this doesn't necessarily
turn out great for humans.
>>NOORY: Will we ever get the
answers we're looking for?
>>KLOETZKE: Yes, because
we're not going to quit.
>>NOORY: We need
more people like you.
>>KLOETZKE: We do.
We need more boots on
the ground and people
that are going to go not just
what I call entertainment
investigating.
Just don't--
>>NOORY: And there's
a lot of that.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
There's a whole lot of that.
We need real researchers.
And I don't have a degree
in physics and I'm not a--
>>NOORY: Do you need one?
>>KLOETZKE: No.
Exactly.
I'm kind of a housewife.
I'm a biomechanics
engineer that's--
>>NOORY: The housewife
who looks for UFOs.
>>KLOETZKE: Exactly.
Exactly.
But you get out there
and you just partner
with people with the
integrity and the scrutiny.
And you want the
science behind it.
You want rational,
critical thinkers
out here that work the
problems, just like an engineer.
We get a case.
That evidence didn't
prove to be anything.
Then let it be.
We found the truth.
And that's what we're doing.
So even if we-- they
call it debunking here.
I call it doing your job.
And if we find out that it is
something that's very natural,
that's the truth
of that event, it's
a successful investigation.
I'm not looking here for UFOs.
I'm looking for the truth.
And it helps each person.
>>NOORY: Maybe you'll find it.
>>KLOETZKE: I hope so.
>>NOORY: Chase, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>KLOETZKE: Thank you
so much for having me.
>>NOORY: The alien
agenda-- just what is it?
Is it friendly or is
it something darker?
I'm George Noory,
and we'll continue
to look for those answers
on "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]